[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm radio and television
host Jimmy Church,
and I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is
Jason Shurka, leader
of UNIFYD World, a non-profit
organization dedicated
to fostering unity
among humanity.
>> There's a lot of disclosure
going on all around the world
right now.
Congressional hearings,
whistleblowers.
And one thing they always
ask me to drive home
is the intentions of
extraterrestrial life.
>> As always, MUFON
Field Investigator Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> --joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> They're here to help,
they're here to guide,
they're here to assist.
And they're here to help
us liberate ourselves.
So I would say please
keep that in mind
for anybody watching this today
when certain narratives are
spun when it comes to
extraterrestrial life
and their technology,
specifically.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Welcome to Into the Vortex.
I'm Jimmy Church,
and my guest today
is Jason Shurka,
founder of UNIFYD World,
out there making change
in a global sense.
And Josh this is going
to be one of those shows.
>> Yes.
I love Jason's story.
I'm happy to get into it.
>> Are you ready for intense?
>> I am.
Let's do this.
>> Let's go.
>> All right.
>> Today, Jason,
welcome to the show.
>> Thank you very much
Thank you for having me.
>> Crazy times that
we find ourselves in.
You're at the center
of initiating change.
And with that, I'm just
going to be direct.
You received a document.
September 9th, 2020.
The Pyramid Code.
Now for those that
haven't heard this,
and yes, that may be the
case, take us through that.
What is the Pyramid Code first?
And then we'll
take it from there.
>> So on February 6th of 2020, I
was invited to a formal meeting
with an organization that I
work with today known as TLS.
TLS stands for The Light System.
We might want to elaborate
on that at some point.
I can give more information
on who they are.
But first with the Pyramid Code.
February 6th, 2020, I'm
invited to this meeting.
In that meeting, a lot of
incredible things happened.
It lasted for about
12 hours until it
had to come to an end
for certain purposes.
And it just blew my
mind from beginning
to end on what happened
throughout that entire meeting.
And that was my
first time meeting
with multiple individuals from
the organization TLS itself.
During that meeting,
somebody in the meeting
from the organization was asked
to document the Pyramid Code
document.
And that took about four months.
It was given to me
in June of 2020.
I read this document.
It's all about ancient Egypt.
It's all about actually
a memory that somebody
has in-depth with details
from ancient Egypt.
Who built the pyramids, how
they built the pyramids,
why they built the pyramids, and
how that's relevant to what's
going on in the world today
with high technologies back
then being used today
around the world.
In some cases, by governments,
and in some cases,
by individuals
behind the scenes who
we're not going to name here.
After I read that,
I had this urge
to share it with the world.
But the man who
wrote it didn't want
to share it with the world,
because his identity was
a part of it.
So I kept going back and
forth and back and forth
and back and forth with
him until we came down
to a compromise with the
organization as well.
Now the organization wanted
this document to be shared.
I wanted this
document to be shared.
>> Did you feel that--
I have to jump in.
>> Sure.
>> Did you feel that the
document and its contents were
authentic?
>> Yeah, that's the
only reason, I mean,
I resonated with it so much.
And I felt that it was so
powerful to bring to people,
that why not share it?
Just because some guy doesn't
want his identity to be shared,
we're not going to share it?
So I kept fighting
and arguing with him
back and forth until we
came down to a compromise.
That compromise was they told me
you can be the one to share it.
The compromise is
you're going to remove
the identities, especially the
guy who wrote it from that.
And we're going to
change the names.
And if you want to
do it, you're going
to be the one to put it out.
So they gave me a date, and
that's the September 9th date.
09/09 at 9:00 AM
Eastern time of 2020.
And here's what happened.
It was very interesting.
I still can't believe
it till this day.
>> OK, before we get there,
because it was extraordinary.
>> Yeah.
>> There must have been
something in that document that
said, OK, I'm going to
take a chance on this.
What was that one thing that
stood out for you that you
were willing to roll the dice?
Because this could
go really wrong.
>> I'll tell you the truth, I
didn't see it as a huge risk.
Not when it comes to the
history of ancient Egypt.
>> Sure.
>> Because you know a
lot of those things.
A lot of people know
a lot of those things.
I think it's very obvious
that human beings--
there was something that
transcended human beings
as we know them that went and
built something like that.
And there's a lot of even
archaeologists and people
like Graham Hancock that's
coming out and showing you,
hey, guys, there's something
else going on here.
So that wasn't the risk for me.
The risk for me was--
within this actual
document was the revelation
of this organization that's
coming to me and saying,
share this with the world.
And my fear was, at
the end of the day,
I come from real estate.
I come from a commercial
real estate family.
I have nothing to do with
the spiritual world in terms
of my background.
>> That was your degree.
That's what you were
doing at the time.
>> It had nothing to do with
me and I was also very young.
>> Right.
>> So my fear was, who the
hell's going to believe me?
On what basis would
anybody believe me?
The reason why I took that
risk was because I said,
listen, if I'm going
to operate out of fear,
there's always going
to be somebody that's
not going to believe you
based on what you do,
even if you bring proof
and evidence to the table.
We see that even
in the world now,
in the scientific realm
and the medical realm,
and so on and so forth.
So it rang true in my heart.
It made a lot of sense to me.
It's something that I
was always interested
in growing up, watching
"Ancient Aliens,"
shows on Gaia, things like that.
It just made sense and I said,
I'm given an opportunity.
Let's take it.
People are going to call me
crazy regardless of what I do.
So let's at least do something
that I think is right.
>> So let's circle back.
Nine, nine, nine,
nine, nine, right?
It's all nines.
It's 2020.
You do the big reveal.
What happens?
>> So I just want to give
some context over here.
I didn't have a social
media following.
I barely had a website.
I had three or six
visits to my website.
And I built jasonshurka.com
just for the purpose of putting
this document out there.
Barely any Instagram following,
barely any social media,
barely any website visits.
I put this document out 09/09
at 9:00 AM Eastern time in 2020.
In three hours, Jimmy, it
reached every continent
on Earth with the
exception of Antarctica
and millions of people in
a period of three hours.
And from there, it
just kept going.
And then people
that were connected
to-- not in a political
way, but people
that were connected to
the Trump administration
at the time started calling.
His family started calling.
They're like, what's
going on here?
Who are you?
Who do you work for?
And then that's a whole other
story of what it evolved to.
But it started getting
very interesting in terms
of the people that showed
interest into this thing.
And it was very credible
people in the world.
Ex-agents from
large organizations,
from big organizations
out there,
that know a thing or
two with their realm
that have been doing
this for 30, 40 years.
Suddenly they're coming
to me and saying,
how do you know this?
And that's what gave me
credibility around the world.
Because at the end of
the day, I was a kid.
I was 22.
>> That's right.
And so can we circle
back for a second?
Because we know now
where we are today.
And not only with the
document, but we're
going to discuss TLS
here in a second.
And there is a paradigm
shift in the world right now,
and we feel all of that.
But let's back up.
Why you?
Why were you selected
to go to that meeting
where you were exposed to
this if you didn't have--
you weren't an influencer.
You didn't have a
social media following.
You didn't launch
jasonshurka.com
till after the document.
So why were you called
to this meeting?
>> The same reason why you
were chosen to host this show.
Because you're the perfect fit
for the job that you're doing.
You have an energy
with what you do.
And your energy matches
"Into the Vortex."
My energy happened to match
in their perspective what
they asked me to do, which
is be a spokesperson.
I've developed my
spoke-- speaking skills
and my communication skills
over the past 3 and 1/2 years
as well.
So if you look at me 3 and
1/2 years ago and today,
it's like two completely--
>> It is two different people.
>> Two different people.
So in short, it's an energy.
It's something that the
individual has, that they see,
that they can read
and they help develop.
Now just to put
it out there, I'm
not some special person here.
Everybody's chosen for a
specific perspective in life
as a whole.
So the TLS organization,
they're made up
of about 8,500 initiated agents.
By the way, I'm not one of them.
I'm not formally initiated
into the organization.
Not yet, at least.
So you can consider what
I'm going through right now
as like a form of training.
So right now, they ask me
to speak on their behalf.
They like certain things.
They give me pointers along
the way, and they help me.
But in short, the
answer to your question
is it was a specific energy
that they were looking
for, and for whatever reason
that I'm still learning up
until this day, I
match that criteria.
>> What are we
talking about here?
What do you have to go
through to be a member of TLS?
>> I would say it depends
what your job is going to be.
So for somebody like me, I'm
going through that right now.
>> Right.
>> Right now, they're going
to be watching this episode.
>> Sure.
>> They're listening to
everything that's going
on always, and it's
a form of training.
The actual initiation
ceremony happens
on December 23rd of every year.
They have a big venue
that they do it at.
It's all secure and undercover.
Everybody goes there,
and that's where they
honor all the new initiates.
I have yet to be invited
to that ceremony.
But it happens on December
23rd of every single year.
>> Josh, have you
been there yet?
Do you have your invitation?
>> Not yet, Jimmy.
I'm working on it.
>> Does it freak you out when
you hear something like this,
Josh?
Where the question
on everybody's mind--
I've asked this
question so much.
Who's really running the world?
Who are the families?
Where are these dark rooms?
Where are the board rooms?
We have this fixation on
that, and it's an honest thing
to think about.
Do you think about that?
>> Absolutely.
I want to know the answer.
>> Yeah, who?
Are we talking about families?
Is it corporations?
Is it dynasties?
What's really going on?
>> You're saying in terms of the
people that TLS are operating
against, in a way.
>> It goes both
ways, doesn't it?
You're going to have
those on the inside,
you're going to have
those on the outside.
You're going to have ones and
zeros, light and dark, right.
>> Sure.
>> Good and bad and
good against evil.
>> OK, so one thing I
want to say over here,
for anybody that might
be thinking something is,
I want to get this
out of the way.
A lot of people when they
hear about TLS, they're like,
how do we know what's real?
What's really going on here?
How do we know you're
not making it up?
And there are many
answers to that,
but we're not going
to get into that.
I think the reality of
TLS as an organization
is something very exciting.
Because I think we can
all agree that there
are dark, evil people in
the world doing not so
great things with
their own service
to self-interests and agendas.
We see it with corporations.
We see it with
undercover organizations.
I'm sure everybody
watching this can probably
name multiple organizations
out there that we know
are doing things with
negative purposes
in their own self-interests.
But how many times can
we name organizations
that are positive?
And everybody gets
stuck on that.
And they're like,
oh, well, we only
pay attention to
all the negative,
we never pay attention
to the positive.
>> That's so true.
>> So if we can agree
that the negative exists,
then according to
the law of balance,
doesn't it make sense that
the exact opposite would exist
as well?
TLS is not the only one.
There are many
organizations out there.
I just happen to work
with TLS directly.
And the way that the light
works as opposed to the dark
is the light does not work
out in the open to show,
hey, come give us your power
and this is our identity.
Because that only leads to
a messiah complex and an ego
trip.
They work undercover.
They do things from
behind the scenes.
They use certain
people like myself,
maybe even sometimes you
with other organizations,
I don't know.
But they would
use certain people
to influence the world
in a positive way.
Through shows like
"Into the Vortex."
Through certain
movements that somebody
would lead to help the
world, whether it's
medically, politically,
spiritually, physically,
whatever it may be.
There's so many different
avenues to go and help
the world.
So that's really
why TLS is here.
And they use many
different avenues, mediums,
and individuals to do that.
Who's really running the world?
The people that TLS is trying
to stop while also waking up
the masses.
Because a lot of
people, they always
ask me, if TLS is so powerful,
why does the world still
have so much evil
in the world today?
And the answer is very simple.
No organization can
actually stop something
at the essence of it all,
because the essence of it
all is we the people.
It's our collective
consciousness.
It's like going to India.
I was just there in February.
I thought before I went
to India that if you
raise billions of dollars, you
can really change this country.
And little did I know,
once I get there,
I understood very
quickly that it
had nothing to do with
the amount of money
that you poured into that
country to help the people.
You need to educate them.
You need to change the
collective awareness
of the individuals
living in that country
if you want to
change the country.
Otherwise, you could
pour $100 billion.
>> That goes for the rest
of the world, doesn't it?
>> So I'm using
that as an example.
>> Sure, sure.
>> But the point over here is
beyond just trying to take down
or stop the damage of the
evil people in the world,
the real goal of
this organization is,
how do we raise the
collective level of awareness?
Because everything is
a reflection of that.
If we raise our collective
level of awareness and step
into universal awareness
once and for all,
you won't see certain
people in power
in an evil way existing
in the first place,
because the reflection
would not be that.
>> Isn't that something that
has occurred for as long
as humanity has been here?
There's always been
a dark force in play
that has been kept in check.
And we can look
back historically.
As crazy as the world
is today, Jason,
it's a pretty nutty place.
But we've been through some
pretty crazy situations
just in the last 100 years,
where things have always
been kept in check.
Right, so is that the
purpose of an organization
like TLS, to keep it in
check, to keep it back,
but it's something that we don't
necessarily need to know about?
>> I would actually argue that,
do we really know that that
darkness always
existed in history?
Maybe the history that we think
we know and the history that we
do know that was
documented, which I'm sure
was changed to a large degree.
Yeah, there was always
darkness and light.
But was it always like that?
If you go to a
spiritual perspective,
if everything emerged
out of this one place
and everything comes
from that oneness,
then I would say that everything
comes from a good place.
And then through the free will
of humanity, at some point,
we decided--
or beyond humanity,
life as a whole,
we decided to create a split.
And we decided to go
more towards negatively
polarizing situations.
And at that point,
there was a need
for organizations like TLS.
Because TLS didn't
exist when creation
started, if you want to call it
that for lack of a better term.
They came to being
about 5,000 years ago.
Because there was something
that happened 5,000 years ago.
And if you go
biblically speaking--
and I'm not a religious
man whatsoever.
I look at the Bible as
more of a historical book.
If you go biblically speaking,
something happened in Genesis.
And it was the sons of God and
Hebrew they call them Elohim.
Other people called
them the Anunnaki.
Came down from the heavens
or from other places
and mated with the
daughters of man.
And before that, there was
no religion as we know it.
It was only after
that Judaism came.
And then Christianity
and Islam came.
That's when religion
started as we know it.
There was some form of
genetic manipulation
that happened
through interbreeding
of different races.
It literally says it in the
Bible in that historical text
itself, where there
was an interbreeding
of different races.
In Hebrew, Bnei
Elohim and Bnei Adam.
The sons of God and
the sons of Adam.
Or the daughters of
Adam in that way.
>> Right.
>> So what I'm trying to say
over here is I'm not so certain
that there was always
evil in the world.
I think evil is a choice.
And I believe that there
was a point in time where
we decided to make that choice.
So there's a lot of
history we don't know.
>> Well, when you have a
spiritual leader or guidance
by any definition or any title--
shaman, Indigenous
cultures-- they're all
going to say the same thing.
It is about positive
and negative.
Those are the energies.
That's the electricity
of the universe.
We're always going
to have that balance.
That's the way the
world works, right?
But we want to keep
that darkness in check.
>> Well, that's the way
the world of duality works.
That's not the way the
world of singularity works.
And if everything merges
out of singularity,
then there had to be a buffer
zone in between the singularity
and the duality.
Now, I agree with you.
My question for
you now is, do you
believe that there are planets
out there right now that
don't experience war?
>> Of course.
>> Do you believe that
there are planets, nations,
and races out there, no
matter how far they may be,
that don't have evil
or corruption as a part
of their society?
>> That's a part of evolution.
And that's why this show is
called "Into the Vortex,"
because Jason just
spun the vortex--
>> He did, didn't he?
>> --and became the
host of the show.
But that is one of the
most amazing points
that we can bring up, is
that the universe is so big.
We don't understand its bigness.
>> Yeah.
>> We really don't.
We can't wrap our
head around that.
But what we do understand now
is that every star that you see
has a planetary system with it.
It's part of the
development of a star,
is the creation of planets.
Now if it's really that
big, our Milky Way,
and it's a numbers game, right?
Right, exactly.
It's a numbers game.
How many civilizations
are out there?
Well, the answer is infinite.
But they would have to go
through the same evolutionary
processes that
we've gone through
and are going through
here on this planet.
Will we get to love
and light and unicorns?
Well, yeah, eventually.
>> I think we will.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> But through that
hardship, obviously.
>> That's right.
And it seems that, do we
always have to go to the abyss?
Do we have to go to the
edge of the cliff, right,
and take a look before
we can get to the good?
Why is that?
>> Because sometimes you have
to jump off the cliff before you
fly.
That's how birds do it.
The mom kicks the bird off
the nest and lets them fly.
It's scary on the way down.
That's what we're going
through right now.
And there's a silver lining in
what we're going through right
now because it's--
>> What is that?
>> As scary as the
world is right now,
a lot of people I
see around the world,
they go into fear
for human reasons.
It's very normal.
When you see wars going on, when
you see people getting sick,
when you see or feel this
feeling of helplessness
and hopelessness
because everybody
tells you there's
nothing within you
anymore that you
have your own power
and you have to depend on
everything outside of you,
that's what the current
world looks like.
But at the same time
over the past three,
four years specifically,
because that hardship
has been escalating,
so have questions.
Questions looking
for an alternative.
And that alternative is now
making us find the answers
within us once again.
So I mean, it's the way
that the process works.
If you want to
shoot a slingshot,
the further you want it
to fly, the further you
have to pull it back.
>> That's right.
>> It's like potential
and kinetic energy.
So right now, we're building
up this potential energy.
And the kinetic energy
is when you release.
That release is up to us
when we want it to happen.
So the silver lining
in the hardship
is a basic law of the universe.
The harder something
gets, the bigger
the seed of beauty
within that hardship.
The greater the gift you can
extract from that hardship.
The greater opportunity
there is to grow.
Now we're going more
into the spiritual realm,
but it's how energy works.
It's how potential and
kinetic energy work.
So right now when things are
really escalating and getting
crazy, there's a part
of me, the human part,
that says, oh my god, I have
to look out for my family.
>> Yeah.
>> But then there's the
spiritual part where I'm like,
this is exciting.
Because the quicker
this happens,
the faster we're
getting to the world
that we deserve to live in.
>> You brought up a point.
Let's circle back.
Where we are at a point
of asking questions
like never before.
We are seekers of knowledge.
20 years ago, 25 years
ago, there was no internet.
Now we have instantaneous
access to not only information,
but sharing that
information once we have it.
That control is no longer
with those dark forces, right?
And that's what's going on.
We're finding out things.
When you launched the
Pyramid Code, that's
exactly what happened, isn't it?
>> There's another
"Into the Vortex"
moment we can have here on
seeing the silver lining
in the control of, let's say,
censorship of information with
what we're seeing with
technology and the internet.
>> Right.
>> Look how many new platforms
are being built right now.
Because there is the need.
Because when they corner
us into a place of saying,
you can't do this, you're going
to have 10 other soldiers stand
up and say, watch me.
I'm going to do it and
I'm going to build it.
So what we call the
mainstream media that
was controlling and brainwashing
a lot of people for a long time
is still trying to do it.
But they're becoming more
and more and more diluted.
Because with the amount of
potential of censorship,
there's now that
much more potential
of creating new platforms
to overcome that.
So now it's
independent journalists
that are almost starting
to run the world as opposed
to these big news conglomerates
that are run by the same--
>> Hasn't it always been
that way with the human mind?
The human mind has
always wanted answers.
Are we alone in the universe?
Right, what happens
after we die?
Why are we here?
What's our purpose of being?
These are fundamental
questions that
go back to the dawn of man.
They've always been there.
And they've controlled
this information.
They've tried to hold
this information back.
But today, Jason, it's not
that kind of party, is it?
>> 100%.
And I think it's worth
diving into why they do that.
Because in a
spiritual war, which
is what the basis of
everything really is,
the basis of every war is, how
do we make the people weak?
You do that through
suppressing and really
taking away awareness.
Now knowledge or information is
a stepping stone to knowledge.
Knowledge is a stepping
stone to awareness.
And an aware society
cannot be controlled.
It's only a society
that's not aware
that can be deceived and
therefore divided and confused.
So that's why information
is the first step that
eventually leads to
true awareness that
leads to freedom.
If you happen to
be somebody that
wants to control the world,
you can only control the world
by dividing the people.
You can only divide the people
by making sure they know
what you want them to know.
Meaning what you don't
want them to know
will be information you
suppress with the intention
of ultimately suppressing
awareness, which is what makes
us strong as human beings.
I don't know about you, but
TLS is about as mysterious
as it gets.
>> Yeah.
So what does TLS want
to share with the world
today through you as a vessel?
>> So I think there are multiple
different topics that TLS wants
to share.
One that's extremely relevant
that we didn't touch up
too much in this episode today
is extraterrestrial life.
There's a lot of disclosure
going on all around the world
right now-- congressional
hearings, whistleblowers,
so on and so forth.
And one thing they always
ask me to drive home
is the intentions of
extraterrestrial life.
There will come a point where
this becomes extremely open.
But on the way, there will
be a narrative being spun,
that's already being spun
around the world, of a threat
to national security.
I'm going to keep
it real simple.
Extraterrestrial life is not
a threat to national security.
>> Cheers to that.
>> They're here to help.
They're here to guide.
They're here to assist.
And they're here to help
us liberate ourselves.
So I would say please
keep that in mind
for anybody watching this today
when certain narratives are
spun when it comes to
extraterrestrial life
and their technology,
specifically.
>> Why?
Why do they want
to use the fear?
The threat narrative.
And not only that, but
then turn around and spin,
we can't discuss that in the
interest of national security.
It seems to be wash,
rinse, repeat with this.
>> So I think it's a
very, very simple answer.
We always have to follow the
money and see who has to gain
and who has to lose from
a technology like what
these beings have.
Basically what their technology
works on is free technology.
Free energy.
Free energy would put a lot of
people out of business today.
Those are the people
that run the world,
without naming names.
So there will always
be a narrative
to make sure that we
the people stay away
from the very things
that would take all power
and control out of the hands of
the people that currently have
power and control
around the world.
And extraterrestrial life
with their technology
is a huge threat to that.
That's a big purpose
that they have an agenda
to spin a narrative to keep us
away from something like that.
The other thing
that I would say is
one of their really big missions
and messages that they want
to drive home is what I already
said, universal awareness
and moving away from fear.
The frequency of
fear makes us sick.
The frequency of fear
keeps us confused.
Confusion keeps us divided.
When we can see the opportunity
and the gift in every hardship,
it makes life so much
easier to move through.
Because suddenly
we see when there's
a war, instead of being
scared, which is normal.
We also see the
beautiful part of that
in terms of where
that can lead us,
because more people
are going to wake up.
So the next few years are
going to be crazy just
like the last few years were.
And what they always
drive home to me
and what I'm going to drive
home to you guys here today
and all the viewers is, do
not operate out of fear.
Fear is the last
thing that we need
to operate out of if we want to
make this world a better place.
Always find the silver lining.
Always find the lesson.
If you can find the
lesson and pass the test,
we will have no reason
on a spiritual level
to need to repeat that test.
And that's how we grow.
That's how we ascend.
>> Your life, right, your
growing up, were you aware,
did you ask yourself these
big conspiracy questions?
And now are you sitting back,
going it's crazier than I ever
imagined
>> First of all, I was raised
into a family that was always
asking questions.
It was always very
aware and called
ahead of the curve of what most
people knew regarding events
or orchestrated events,
things like that,
without getting into details.
When I was four years old, my
great grandfather passed away.
His name was Aba Aaron.
We call him that in Hebrew.
And when he died, I was
four, my sister was eight.
My mom sat us down on the
stairs of our home in Brooklyn
when we used to live
in Brooklyn, New York.
And she said Ashley,
Jason, I have
to share some news with you.
Aba Aaron, your
great-grandfather,
is no longer with us.
The first reaction of my
sister was she was crying.
My first reaction was I
asked, how did he die?
And she said, he went to
sleep and he never woke up.
And I smiled.
That was my first reaction
as a four-year-old.
I smiled, I thought it was
the most beautiful thing
in the world.
But then people
around me, my sister,
other people around
me looked at me like,
what's wrong with this kid?
Why is that his reaction?
There's something
wrong with him.
Fast forward five years,
my grandfather died.
He had Alzheimer's.
He was suffering.
My mother sits us
down on a Wednesday.
She sits me and my sister down.
Saba died.
Your grandfather died.
I already knew how he died--
because of Alzheimer's.
And I was happy and my
sister, again, was very sad.
And everybody around me
started looking at me
like, there's something
wrong with you.
Why are you happy that
your grandfather died?
I wasn't happy that
he died, I was happy
that he was put
out of his misery.
And I felt in my heart that
he went to a better place.
But I was nine years old.
So the common and
the natural reaction
was, maybe there's
something wrong with me.
And I started dimming
my light a little bit.
And I started putting a mask
on because I wanted to fit in.
I didn't want to
be the weird one.
be the odd one out.
And I'm sharing
this because I know
that a lot of people
watching this show right now
feel the same exact way with
how they think about the world.
And there was a
period of 10 years
up until the age of 18
or 19 where I completely
put a mask on.
And I completely changed the
way that I expressed myself,
because I didn't
want to be weird.
And then there came a
point where I said--
I would watch "Ancient Aliens,"
but I wouldn't tell anybody
that I was watching it.
>> We've all done that.
>> I was watching Gaia, but
I wasn't telling anybody.
>> We've all done that, yes.
>> So there came a point
where after injuries,
my shoulder dislocated a bunch
of times, tons of surgery,
staph infection in my
leg, I said, listen,
maybe I'm trying to be told
something by something bigger
than me, step into your purpose
and do what you came here
to do.
And I lost friends,
and I lost family.
And that's what
changed in my life.
There was a lot of loss
and even more gain.
Because finally, I was
actually living in purpose
with what I came here to do.
And it's the most gratifying
thing in the world.
>> OK.
So I'm reminded of
the movie "Stargate."
Now stay with me.
>> OK.
>> There's a scene.
One of my favorite
scenes in the movie.
It's not what you think.
It's James Spader is
doing his presentation
at the beginning of the movie.
And he's talking about the
pyramids and the Great Pyramid.
And he's doing this at a museum.
He's got a big crowd
in front of him.
But at that moment, he gets
asked the question that's
on everybody's mind.
And he gives the wrong answer.
And the question was,
"OK, that's all great.
But who built the
Great Pyramid?"
And Spader's answer
was the wrong one.
"Well, I don't know."
And the room empties.
Right, it empties.
It's because we want to know.
The dogma that's been
fed to us doesn't fit.
It doesn't make any sense.
We can look at it.
We know what's being
taught in the schools.
We know what's there.
And it doesn't add up.
You got the Pyramid Code.
You got the secrets.
So I'm going to ask you
the James Spader question
right now.
Jason, who built
the Great Pyramid?
>> I believe it was
extraterrestrial life that came
here from another planet and
used human beings to help them
with that knowledge.
So there were architects
and there were builders.
The architects were the
individuals with the higher
awareness, with the technology.
The builders were not slaves.
Now I come from a
Jewish background.
People get mad at
me when I say that.
Because in Jewish
history, we're taught
to believe that the Jews were
slaves in Egypt for 400 years.
>> Let my people go.
>> Right.
>> Now that happened
closer to the end,
where the pharaohs started
getting more corrupt.
And there's a reason why the
pharaonic lineage is no longer
here.
Because when you
get more corrupt,
you end up self-destructing.
You end up destroying yourself.
And they no longer
exist in that same way.
But there was a long period
of time where they weren't.
There was a long period of
time where they were extremely
evolved before they mated
with the daughters of man.
Before they diluted their
genetic pool in their DNA
and manipulated that.
And that's the people
that I believe built them.
And by the way, it's not
just in Egypt, as you know.
It's all around the world.
So there's something
going on here
with the shape of the pyramid,
mystically speaking, that's
bigger than what
most people think.
And I think it's very
obvious it's not just
a tomb for the pharaohs.
There's something
bigger going on here.
It's not just a shape
that's perfect preservation.
There's something
bigger going on here.
And we can go--
>> Let's go there.
What is going on?
I just got back
from Egypt recently.
And when I look at the
ancient structures,
it doesn't matter where you
go, I have to just sit back
and go, huh, how
did this happen?
There is a purpose here.
I can't figure it out.
I'm on that quest for knowledge.
But when you say that
there's something else going
on with the Great Pyramid,
what do you think it is?
>> Well, I'll tell you exactly
what the document says from
my memory.
Because the last time I read
it, it was two years ago.
So I encourage everybody
to read this document.
And it's free for
everybody to read.
Open, translate into
10 different languages
with audiobooks on
YouTube as well.
But from my memory, if my
memory serves me right,
there were many different
purposes for it.
Number one, there
were people buried
over there the pharaohs over
there that were buried or--
the high priests over
there that were buried
were buried because they had a
specific energy in their bodies
that were used to
preserve certain chambers
within the pyramid.
The pyramid was built using
electromagnetic pulsation
and electromagnetic
laser pulsation.
That's why, as I'm
sure you've seen,
there are many visuals
of lasers coming out
of the apex of the pyramid.
There are also
lasers that come out
of the bottom of the pyramid.
Because the pyramid
were used as crafts.
Now a lot of people say,
how is that possible?
It's just stone.
Stone can't move.
Well, stone can move
because it's just
a part of anything
else that's alive
if you define life as energy.
And that's how they
understood things back then.
There was this universal
field of consciousness
that everything
was connected to.
So in a way, the actual pyramids
amongst many other tools
that they were using
were crafts to move.
The apex with that laser,
the electromagnetic laser
pulsation, was used to remain
in constant communication
with other planets.
In other solar systems as well.
Beyond just our solar system
and outside of our galaxy,
beyond the Milky Way galaxy.
It was used as a
lighthouse in a way.
To give light and to also show
people where they're traveling.
It was used in
ways to communicate
with other races, other
nations, and so on and so forth
on other planets.
But the main purpose of
the pyramid and the shape
itself is to connect
the physical world
with the spiritual world.
And there's a mysticism
numerologically
speaking behind the shape.
For example, there's five
points on the pyramid.
The apex and the four
vertices on the bottom.
Five.
Now we're going to go
into the Hebrew language,
because the Hebrew language
is not a Jewish thing.
The pharaohs use
the Hebrew language.
The Hebrew language is
called the Hebrew language
because the Hebrews
adopted it when
they became the Jewish nation.
According to history, when
they received the Torah
on Mount Sinai, they
used the Hebrew language,
which is made up of what Arabic
is actually spoken as well,
just a different language.
So it's the same letters
the same alphabet the reason
why that alphabet
is so important,
and then I'll get to the
shape of the pyramid itself
so we can understand the
numerology behind it,
is because Hebrew is one of
the few languages that was not
created, it was discovered.
It's a mathematical language.
So each letter,
according to Gematria,
has a certain number
associated with it.
Aleph is one, Bet
is two, Gimel is
three, and so on and so forth.
So five represents
the letter Hei,
which is the fifth
letter of the alphabet.
Hei represents God.
Just like in other languages,
anything to represent God
is something that you
have to breathe with.
So for example, Jehovah.
Yehovah, that comes from
the Hebrew language.
So you have your five points,
which is the letter Hei.
It represents--
>> The base and the top?
>> Correct, the top
and the four vertices.
Then you have eight lines.
If you count the amount of
lines that the pyramid is
made up of-- one, two, three,
four, five, six seven, eight.
That represents infinity.
Then you have 10 surfaces.
You have four sides
and one bottom.
The outside and the inside.
So there's outside surfaces
and inside surfaces.
The number 10 represents giving.
By the way, in Hebrew,
the word "ten," [HEBREW],,
means "to give."
In Judaism, they consider
mystical Judaism.
They consider that there
are 10 different dimensions.
And God consciousness is
the 10th dimension of being.
Each dimension is
infinite in and of itself.
But 10 represents giving.
And the energy of God is
to give unconditionally.
It's to give.
So I'm giving you a few numbers
of how the pyramid is built
and why that shape
is that shape.
And beyond that, the last
thing is in the document.
And this is just information
that's in the document.
Everybody can do what
they want with this.
Is there's a very big
emphasis on the fact
that around the world
or in the cosmos,
everything is a sphere with
the exception of one star.
And they call that
the pyramid star.
The pyramid star is a planet
that the organization says
is in the shape of a pyramid.
Meaning there is a mystical
nature to the pyramid
shape in nature
in and of itself.
I believe the awareness
of that planet
is what caused for these beings
and higher races to go and say,
we understand the
shape of the pyramid,
and we're going to use that on
our planets beyond just Earth.
>> Now, how do we tie all of
this-- and I want to thank you.
This has been an amazing--
>> Thank you.
>> --conversation.
And I had big expectations.
We went way beyond that.
Thank you.
How do we tie it all
together and how do we
start to move forward?
>> I would say the goal of the
organization, my goal as well,
this is why I aligned
with them, is,
how do we reach a state
of universal awareness?
Universal awareness is the
equivalent of the awareness
that you have in your body.
Just like you would
never take a hammer
and break your own leg
because it's your leg
and it's going to hurt, that's
how humanity works as a whole.
So within the word
humanity, if you take out
the H, the M, and the A, you're
left with the word unity.
We forgot that.
So when there's a
starving child in Africa,
when there's a
genocide in Syria,
when there's all these things
going on around the world,
a lot of people say,
I'm OK in America.
Everything's fine.
I'm OK in my country.
Everything's fine
because I have food
on the table for my family.
We've forgotten and we're
so numb to this idea
of universal awareness
that we don't
feel the pain of
what's going on.
in the other side of the world.
And until we feel that, things
will continue happening around
the world to make us feel that.
>> Wow.
>> So the quicker we can feel
and wake up out of this coma
of awareness and get rid of the
anesthesia in our collective
body so we could see the world
once and for all for what it
truly is, the quicker we can
feel starvation in Africa,
poverty in India, and genocides
occurring all around the world,
the quicker we will
start to take action.
And ultimately,
once we truly reach
a state of universal
awareness, this world
will no longer know war
or corruption or greed
or any of those things.
We'll know the opposite.
There will be a world of peace,
of unity, compassion, love,
respect.
And so on and so forth.
But we have to move
through that process.
>> It's going to sting.
>> I love that.
>> Kind of like
ripping off a Band-Aid.
You don't want to do it,
but you got to do it.
>> No choice.
>> And you have to do
that to move forward.
>> Absolutely.
>> Jason Shurka, amazing.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you so much, my friend.
>> Thank you very much.
>> This is "Into the Vortex."
I'm Jimmy Church, and
we'll see you next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]